CRO - 366  Problem: no warning / disclaimer for alpha software (#41)
crypto-com/sample-chain-wallet: README.md

This repository contains a sample implementation of Crypto.com Chain wallet with integration of [client JSON-RPC server](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain/tree/master/client-rpc).

> ### Alpha Disclaimer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Warning
```

Crypto.com Chain wallet is currently in the alpha development phase and subjects to changes. Before proceeding, please be aware of the following:

- This sample is for demonstration purposes only, do not use in production systems.

> - Do not transfer any ERC20 tokens to addresses generated by this sample as it will cause loss of funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not transfer any ERC20 tokens to addresses generated by this sample code as it can cause loss of funds.
```
